PRFAQ Structure
Launch Headline: What is a short, compelling product launch headline?  (one short phrase/sentence)

Date and place

Elevator Pitch: What is the elevator pitch or the gist of the idea? (one or two short sentences) 

Who is the customer and what insights do we have about them? Describe a typical customer and what you know about their needs, motivations, desires, and pain points. 

What is the prevailing problem/ opportunity? What data informed this? Make sure this is customer-focused. Clearly explain the opportunity or the problem that needs to be solved and data points that support this. 

How would we describe the end-to-end customer experience? What is the single most important customer benefit? How does your solution address the problem/ opportunity that you described above? 

What would a customer say about this? This customer testimonial quote can be made up, but, it should be specific, believable, and sound like a human said it. Use the testimonial to reinforce why the customer cares about what you're launching. 

What alternatives did you consider? 

Next steps: What teams should we partner with and/or approach to hand off this idea? 

—----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Wardley Mapping Foundation launched to promote global and open situational awareness for mapping competitive landscapes[what is the right headline?]
[London, September 1st, 2022 what is the target launch date and right location? Before or at Map Camp in October?] The community of practitioners of the business strategy techniques created by researcher Simon Wardley announce that they have formed the Wardley Mapping Foundation (WMF) to create a global and open mechanism to coordinate and promote the development of Wardley Mapping.

Business decision makers need to have situational awareness and understanding of doctrines, the climate they are operating in, and the evolution and diffusion of ideas and technologies.

Wardley Mapping is based on decades of research into business successes and failures and has been used to guide successful strategic decisions by startups, organizations of all sizes, and governments. Maps describe position and movement, and Wardley Maps show how value chains evolve, with guidance on effective use of doctrine to compete and disrupt markets.

Like any maps, Wardley Maps are easy to read and follow, but it takes time and practice to build the body of knowledge required to lead an interactive mapping exercise and create a series of maps and moves. The WMF was created by a group of practitioners with support from Simon Wardley, in order to grow awareness and acceptance of the methodology, develop tools and training materials, and to endorse events and related products via the WMF brand. [describe the end-to-end customer experience?]

“We used to make decisions based on gut feel or follow the highest paid person’s opinion”, said Jane Doe, CEO of Megacorp. “With Wardley Mapping we can get everyone to have a shared understanding of the landscape and strategic moves become obvious. We’re excited to see this body of knowledge formalized by the WMF, so we clearly understand how to train our staff to use mapping more widely”  [customer testimonial quote?]

FAQ Section
Q: What alternatives did you consider? 
A: We looked at several ways to organize foundations, such as those run by the Perl, Apache, Eclipse and Linux Foundations, and decided to operate as a series of Apache style projects located github.com/wardley-mapping-foundation, with a core set of initial members being committers on the projects, new committers added on merit, and the foundation operating as a brand management entity.

Q: Who did we partner with to launch the foundation? 
A: [we will talk to PerlF, ASF, LF and EF etc. to see what they could offer]
